The Honorable member from Calgary NOS
Hill so interesting that the Finance
Minister brought up hypocrisy last week
it was revealed that liberal pseudo
Minister Mark carne's company Brookfield
is lobbying the government for billions
for a new corporate climate fund but
recently a damning report real uh
revealed that Brookfield doesn't account
for a whopping 92% of its greenhouse gas
emissions that Investments create that's
hypocrisy Mr Speaker can the environment
Minister confirm that he and his NDP
liberal Partners won't help wealthy
unregistered lobbyist Mark Carney get
rich by giving billions in subsidies to
his greenwashed
company The Honorable Deputy Prime
Minister Minister
Finance Mr Speaker our government is
happy to get advice from Canadians
across the country but let's talk about
who the conservatives get their
advice they get advice on the cost of
living from a law blaws lobbyist they
get advice on foreign policy and on
Ukraine from Elon Musk and Tucker
Carlson and they get advice on women's
rights from misogynous and the far right
we will take no lessons what their
that's great